30 Javascript questions I find very useful in the Interviews 🔥

This will prove out to be helpful. Save it & thank me later :)

Added link to the solutions with detailed explanations to all these questions at the bottom of the post.

1. Implement a function that serializes a Javascript value into a JSON string.

2. Implement a function that performs a deep copy of a value, but also handles circular references.

3. Implement a function that determines if two values are deep equal.

4. Implement the functionality behaviour of Promise.any

5. Implement the functionality behaviour of Promise.allSettled

6. Implement a function that returns a memoized version of a function which accepts a single argument.

7. Implement a function that deserializes a JSON string into a Javascript value.

8. Implement a class that can subscribe to and emit events that trigger attached callback functions.

9. Implement a debounce function that comes with a cancel method to cancel delayed invocations.

10. Implement a function that recursively flattens an array into a single level deep.

11. Implement a promisify function that allows the original function to override the return value.

12. Implement a function to execute N async tasks in series.

13. Implement a function to execute N async tasks in parallel.

14. Implement a function to execute N async tasks in race.

15. Implement a pipe function which chains N number of functions.

16. Implement negative indexing in Array using Proxies.

17. Implement Lodash \_.get method which gets value from the path.

18. Implement your custom version of the call method which sets the "this" context.

19. Implement throttling of promises which throttles API requests to max limit.

20. Implement memoizing or caching identical API requests.

21. Implement a curried function with placeholders support.

22. Implement a custom polyfill version of Object.assign

23. Implement custom Virtual DOM I which serializes the data in valid javascript objects.

24. Implement custom Virtual DOM II which deserializes the data.

25. Implement a custom polyfill function memoize from the Lodash library.

26. Imlpement a custom String Tokenizer.

27. Implement a custom function \_.chunk() which chunks the arrays from Lodash Library.

28. Implement the polyfills for the call, apply, bind methods from scratch.

29. Implement a throttle function that comes with a cancel method to cancel delayed invocations.

30. Write a custom polyfill for typeof operator which returns the correct typeof for the Javascript value.
